# upstudy
upstudy
Hi, after a year, your child completes a secondary school and you still do not understand where to go? On our website you can find the perfect information http://up-study.net The advantages of studying abroad are no longer disputed by anyone. Including the cost of studying in Polish institutions is almost the same, and often lower than the cost of education in Ukraine. But despite all of the above, the quality of education and the graduate's capabilities are quite different. The Polish education system is fully incorporated into the European one, which means the quality, in our time, of the conjuncture of the claims of the labor market and the prospects. A diploma acquired at a Polish university is considered real in all states of the European Union, in Ukraine, and also in other countries of the world. Thanks to this, getting the highest education in Poland, you discover unlimited employment opportunities throughout Europe and beyond. Often, while studying in Poland, the average Ukrainian has the best opportunities on the European labor market than his classmate Pole. This is justified by the fact that starting the study, the Ukrainian already has 2 foreign languages ​​for Polish students - Ukrainian and Russian. Over the years of study, any student of the university will learn Polish perfectly and the aristocracy will become the minimum number of British (English is considered an integral discipline in any university). Obtaining a diploma of the highest education, a professional enters the labor market, owning four or five languages. This superiority is considered very important for these sectors of the economy, such as transport, tourism, consulting, trade, international management, journalism, education, etc. The financial cooperation of the Euro Union with Ukraine is increasing every day. Poland is one of the largest foreign traders in Ukraine. At the same time, Ukrainian capital more and more boldly flows into Poland and in general into Europe. Import-export by Ukraine-EU, common companies, plans, investments - all this is considered a promise of increasing demand for trained experts, who have the highest education abroad, possessing foreign languages ​​and well versed in the specifics of cooperation between Ukraine and the EU.
